= CloudFormatter

Generates JSON config for AWS CloudFormation using a Ruby DSL. See the +example+
directory for, um, examples.

CAVEAT EMPTOR: this is experimental code, please don't use it unless you
have a good understanding of CloudFormation already. 

In particular, AWS resources have some attributes that can only be changed by
deleting the old resource and creating a new one. You really need to
understand what they are before playing with this :)

At Songkick, we don't currently use CloudFormation, so this code isn't getting
any attention.


== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Songkick

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

